ipmi exporter for Lokomotive (#84)
kinvolk/racker: docs/usage/after_provisioning.md

# delete: ipmi --all raw 0x6 0x45 0xOLDID 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff 0xff
# beware: the ID 10 will have to be written in hex as 0xa
```

## Monitoring in Lokomotive

> **NOTE**: Storage must be provisioned before proceeding for the steps mentioned below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: You must provision a storage provider before proceeding with the steps mentioned below.
```
(prefer active voice when possible)

> After provisioning of the Lokomotive cluster, it is reasonable to expect some form of monitoring, be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After provisioning of the Lokomotive cluster, it is makes sense to set up some form of monitoring, be
```

it the status of the node, overall usage of the cluster or gathering hardware information via IPMI
etc.

Lokomotive provides a component `prometheus-operator` with builtin Grafana dashboards for monitoring
and alerting.

> To install the component, copy the configuration template for `prometheus-operator` component into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the component, copy the configuration template for the `prometheus-operator` component into
```

> the `lokomotive` directory, make changes as necessary to the template and apply using `lokoctl`. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `lokomotive` directory, make changes as necessary to the template and apply it using `lokoctl`. The
```

execution steps are mentioned below:

```bash
cp /opt/racker/ipmi-prometheus/prometheus-operator.lokocfg ~/lokomotive/

> # Make changes to the prometheus-operator.lokocfg, depending on the chosen storage provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Make changes to the prometheus-operator.lokocfg, depending on the chosen storage provider, you have to replace the '<CHANGE_ME>' values:
vi prometheus-operator.lokocfg
```

> # Finally, install the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Finally, install the component:
```

lokoctl component apply prometheus-operator
```

For more configuration options, refer to the [configuration reference for

> Prometheus-operator](https://kinvolk.io/docs/lokomotive/0.7/configuration-reference/components/prometheus-operator/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Prometheus Operator](https://kinvolk.io/docs/lokomotive/0.7/configuration-reference/components/prometheus-operator/).
```

### IPMI Exporter

> **NOTE**: Prometheus-operator component must be installed before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: The Prometheus Operator component must be installed before proceeding.
```

In order to have monitoring for the underlying hardware using IPMI, configuration files are provided

> to start scraping the metrics with Prometheus and visualize the information with the help of Grafana dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to start scraping the metrics with Prometheus and visualize the information with the help of a Grafana dashboard.
```

```bash
cp /opt/racker/ipmi-prometheus/ipmi.yaml ~/lokomotive/

kubectl apply -n monitoring -f ~/lokomotive/ipmi.yaml
```

> For see the Grafana dashboard without an Ingress node, the Grafana UI can be reached from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the Grafana dashboard without an Ingress node, the Grafana UI can be reached from the
```

management node through double port forwarding, first from the Kubernetes Pod to the management
node, then from the management node to the SSH client:

```bash
# on your computer:
ssh  -L 127.0.0.1:3000:127.0.0.1:8080 -N core@MGMTNODE # add -J USER@JUMPBOX to access the management node through a bastion host

# on the management node:
kubectl -n monitoring port-forward svc/prometheus-operator-grafana 8080:80

# now open http://127.0.0.1:3000 in your browser and login to the Grafana dashboard with the
# password provided in the `prometheus-operator.lokocfg` file. The user is `admin`.

> # Once Logged in, Open the 'IPMI Dashboard' from the list of dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Once Logged in, open the 'IPMI Dashboard' from the list of dashboards.
```
